Once relegated to adult theaters,
bookstores, or newsstands,
today pornography is everywhere
—only a click or a tap away.
It is not new.
Erotic art existed in ancient cultures.
For some, it was even a part
of their worship.
Today, even some religious people
feel that pornography is harmless
and therefore acceptable.
On the other hand,
some who read the Bible feel
that pornography and erotic literature
are harmful, even a sin against God.
What is God’s view of pornography?
Though the word “pornography”
doesn’t appear in the Bible,
the Bible’s principles make very clear
how God feels about sexual matters.
First Corinthians 6:9, 10
leaves no doubt about God’s view
of sexual immorality,
sexual acts outside of marriage.
“Those who are sexually immoral . . .
will not inherit God’s Kingdom.”
Jesus told us that fueling immoral desires
is also sinful.
He said:
“Everyone who keeps on looking at a woman
“so as to have a passion for her
“has already committed adultery with her
in his heart.”
At Colossians 3:5, we are told
to “deaden . . . [our] body members . . .
“as respects sexual immorality,
uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion.”
Pornography arouses immoral,
unclean sexual desires
—the very opposite of what we are told to do:
“deaden,” or suppress, them.
The Bible warns what uncontrolled desire
can lead to.
James 1:14, 15 says:
“[We are] . . . drawn out
and enticed by [our] own desire.
“Then the desire, when it has become fertile,
“gives birth to sin;
“in turn sin, when it has been carried out,
brings forth death.”
If God condemns immoral acts,
clearly he would disapprove of us watching
people engage in such acts.
Pornography, whether we watch it,
read it, or listen to it,
must be highly offensive to God.
God wants husbands and wives to enjoy
love and intimacy in their marriage.
But he hates all forms of sexual uncleanness,
including pornography.
Like any bad habit,
viewing pornography can be overcome.
And many, with God’s help,
have successfully done so.
To learn more about what the Bible says
on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.